looking at every ass, cheated on every test
i guess, this is my dissertation

good morning, on this day we become legendary

some people graduate, but be still stupid

did you realize
that you were a champion in their eyes?

i don't see why i need a stylist
when i shop so much i can speak Italian

when it feel like living's harder than dying

for me givin up's way harder than trying

you should be honored by my lateness

you should be honored by my lateness
that I would even show up to this fake shit

i'm tripping, this drink got me sayin a lot

i need you to hurry up now
cause i can't wait much longer

i've been waiting on this my whole life
these dreams be waking me up at night

you say i think i'm never wrong
you know what? maybe you're right

i'm a star, how could i not shine?

something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused

you wonder if you’ll ever find your dreams?

i'ma get on the TV momma

have you ever popped champagne on a plane, 
while gettin' some brain
whipped it out, she said 
'i never seen Snakes on a Plane'

and now my grandmomma
ain't the only girl callin me baby

man it's so hard not to act reckless

la, la, la la
wait til I get my money right
la, la, la la
then you can't tell me nothing, right

excuse me, was you saying something?

excuse me, was you saying something?
uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

i can't even explain it, i surprise myself too

fresh off the plane
konnichiwa, bitches!

we go through too much bullshit
just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

stop talking bout your boyfriend since he is not me

"ah da da da da" that's how the fuck you sound

"ah da da da da" that's how the fuck you sound
you drunk and hot girl

she don't believe in shootin stars
but she believe in shoes and cars

babe, lately, you've been all on my brain

i'm just saying, hey, Mona Lisa
come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar

everything i'm not made me everything i am

can i talk my shit again?

can i talk my shit again?
even if i don't hit again?

do you think about me now and then?

do you think about me now and then?
cause i'm coming home again

reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud

only thing i wanna know is why i get looked over

only thing i wanna know is why i get looked over
i guess i'll understand when i get more older

i don't wanna say goodbye... to you

i don't wanna say goodbye, to you
so i'll just say good night, to you

we can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
so i'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes
