look at my face, do I got a promised face?
does it look like I promised you anything?

does it look like I promised you anything?

and I heard em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today

and nothing last forever but be honest babe
it hurts but it may be the only way

it hurts but it may be the only way

the devil is alive I feel him breathing

baby, I'm goin on an aeroplane
and I don't know if I'll be back again

we can't afford no gas!
so we ain't drivin!

you need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

might not be such a bad idea if I never
never went home again

I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone

who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers

sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine

I always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down

you see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
there'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream

made a mil myself and I'm still myself
and I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help

I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help

why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?

why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
everything they told me not to is exactly what I would

what's your addiction? 
is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?

what's your addiction? 
is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three

man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could

man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could,
but you make me smile

got no money
we got no clothes
ain't got no cars
can't get no hoes
we broke, broke, broke, broke, broke

we broke, broke, broke, broke, broke

feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon

hey mama
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you

I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
Hey Mama

I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind

and you never put no man over me
and I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?

I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more

Forrest Gump mama said "life is like a box of chocolates"
my mama told me "go to school, get your doctorate"

grab a drink, grab a glass
after that I grab yo ass

I romance the thought of leaving it all behind

now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
