We on an ultralight beam, we on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream, this is a God dream

Father, this prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough
This prayer's for everybody that feel that they're too messed up

For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times
You can never go too far when you can't come back home again

Now, if I fuck this model, and she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt, I'ma feel like an asshole

Beautiful mornin', you're the sun in my mornin', babe

Up in the mornin', miss you bad
Sorry I ain't call you back, same problem my father had

If you ask, lost my soul
Drivin' fast, lost control

Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!

The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!

Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?

Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me

I've been outta my mind a long time
I be saying how I feel at the wrong time

I know, I know, I shouldn’t even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers

Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

Tell my mama, tell my mama,
That I only want my whole life to only be highlights

Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo

You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams

What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this mothafuckin' dinner table?

I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye

And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye

Sun don't shine in the shade, ugh
Bird can't fly in a cage, ugh

Even when somebody go away
The feelings don't really go away

I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes

God, I'm willing, to make this my mission
Give up the women, before I lose half of what I own

Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul

They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me

Real friends, how many of us?

Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous?

I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem

Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?

You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich

My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right

I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs

Skrrt, skrrt, skrrt, like a private school for women

You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need a happy beginnin', middle and endin'

No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA

Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans

We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop, like Robocop

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers

I've been trending years, y'all a couple days

When no one ain't around
I think I think too much
Ain't nobody watchin'
I just fade away

I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control

Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa

The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi

The light is before us brothers, so the devil workin' hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage

Modern-day MJ, with a off-the-wall flow

Please face me when I speak
Please say to me somethin' before you leave

You've been treatin' me like I'm invisible
Now I'm visible to you

And I promised I, I wouldn't fall anymore
But I'm cryin' at the bar

But I feel so alone
Like I don't know anyone except the night sky above
