Coke on her black skin made it stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever

You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some

We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there's permission
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody without telling me

Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real

Sun coming up, 5 a.m
I wonder if they got cabs still

Thinking 'bout the girl in all leopard
Who was rubbing the wood like Kiki Shepard

Two tattoos: one read "No Apologies"
The other said "Love is Cursed by Monogamy"

It's something that the pastor don't preach
It's something that a teacher can't teach

When we die, the money we can't keep
But we probably spend it all cause the pain ain't cheap
Preach!

Lift off, lift off, takin' my coat off

Showing my tattoos, I'm such a show off, huh

I feel the pain and then roll off

How many people want to roll on me now?
Like you know na na na, you know me by now

Lift off, like you know na na na
You know me by now, know me, know me by now

That shit cray
that shit cray
that shit cray

She said, "'Ye, can we get married at the mall?"
I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all"

That shit cray, ain't it Jay?

"Your whip so cold" this old thing?
Act like you'll ever be around mothafuckers like this again

Bougie girl, grab my hand
Fuck that bitch, she don't wanna dance

Excuse my French, but I'm in France, ahah, I'm just sayin'

Prince Williams ain't do it right if you ask me
Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley

What's Gucci, my nigga?
What's Louis, my killa?
What's drugs, my dealer?
What's that jacket, Margiela?

Doctors say I'm the illest
Cause I'm suffering from realness

Got my niggas in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh

These other niggas is lyin'
Actin' like the summer ain't mine

(You know how many hot bitches I own?)

The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm 'bout to kill it
How you know? I got that feeling

You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone
I'm definitely in my zone

Damn, Yeezy and Hov, where the hell ya been?

They say I'm crazy, but I'm about to go dumb again

They ain't seen me 'cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz

Throw your diamonds up 'cause we in this bitch another 'gain

I made Jesus Walks, I'm never going to hell
Couture level flow is never going on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermès of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive

Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive

I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't accustomed to going through customs
You ain't been nowhere, hah?

I'm done, I'll hit you up maña...nah!

Can't you see the private jets flying over you?
Maybach bumper sticker reads: "What would Hova do?"

Jay is chillin', Ye is chillin' 
What more can I say? We killin' 'em

Hold up before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lames
Lord please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne

Hello, hello, hello white America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah they tryna break the marriage up

Who gon' act phony, or who gone try to embarrass ya?
I'ma need a day off, I think I'll call Ferris up

Sorry I'm in pajamas but I just got off the PJ

Ain’t that like LeBron James?
(Ain’t that just like D-Wade? Wait)

Racks on racks on racks
Maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs

Oh shit, it's just blacks on blacks on blacks

Hunnid stack, "How you get it?"
Nigga laying raps on tracks

Me and the RZA connect
Yeah, me and the RZA connect

And I'll never let my son have an ego
He'll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean I might even make him be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I'll never let him leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind

See, I just want him to have an easy life
Not like Yeezy life, just want him to be someone people like
Don't want him to be hated all the time, judged
Don't be like your daddy that would never budge

And I'll never let him ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain't the place to get love

Yeah that's my bitch, that's my bitch
Shorty right there? That's my bitch

It ain't safe in the city, watch the throne

She say I care more about them basquions
Basquiats, she learning a new word, it's yacht

Blew the world up as soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me I fell in love with her

Seat by actors, ball players and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas

Twisted love story, True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance

I'm a freak, huh, rock star life
The second girl with us, that's our wife

Hey boys and girls, I got a new riddle:
Who's the new old perv that's tryna play second fiddle?

No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money I put Monie in the middle
Where she at? In the middle

I asked her where she wanna be when she 25
She turned around and looked at me and said "alive"

Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all

So que será, get a case of Syrah
Let it chase the pain, before it goes too far

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost

Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
'Til I die, I'ma fucking ball

Now who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me huh?
Who gon' stop me? Who gon' stop me, huh?

Niggas talking, they bitchmade, Ixnay off my dicksnay
That's Pig Latin, itch-bay

You just a commentator if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters

In some relations you're just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that's cool I fucked the waitress

Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that's on one basis
I only like green faces

I wrote the verse that I hope will hurt you

Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder"
Paper read "murder, black-on-black murder" again

And I'm from the murder capital where they murder for capital
Heard about at least three killings this afternoon
Looking at the news like "Damn! I was just with him after school"

No shop class but half the school got a tool
And a "I could die any day"-type attitude

314 soldiers died in Iraq, 509 died in Chicago

Yeah it's all messed up when it's nowhere to go
So we won't take the time out 'til we reach the T-O-P

From parolees to hold G's, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG's
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What the last thing you expect to see, black guys?

What's the life expectancy for black guys?
The system's working effectively, that's why!

Every problem you had before this day is now done

New crib, watch a movie
Cause ain't nothin on the news but the blues

Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain't nothing new but your shoes

Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You're the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let's savor this moment and take it to the floor

Black excellence, truly yours

Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply

Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show mothafucka, we live it

Gotta separate from these fuckin' fakes

I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I'm movin' in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin' like Hype Williams shootin' a nigga

Damn baby, pussy can't be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell

Bullet proof condom, when I'm in these hoes
Got staples on my dick, why? Fuckin' centerfolds

Too close, you comatose
So dope, you overdose
Get back, you overclose

Oh no, the hood was strugglin'
But then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo

Whole world aiming at a nigga head
Because I'm the illest motherfucker alive

It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyselves
And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill themselves

I'm in the two-door, true that, niggas telling me "You back!"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?

And if life's a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way nigga you should fucking quit nigga

Just forget it, you talk it, I live it

Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn a nigga glad he hit

I'm about to go H.A.M
Hard as a motherfucker
Let these niggas know who I am

The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh?
The night is young, what the fuck we gon' do, huh?
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh?

Primetime, basking in the lime

Cause they don't want nobody that's colored out of the lines
So I'm late as a motherfucker, colored people time

Niggas gon' kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I'm too out of my mind

"When you coming home?" That's a text from my wife
I told her run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker 'til I call you back
I mean, who says shit like that and doesn't laugh?
Hah...

She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake
Now there's crumbs all over the damn place
And she want me to cum all over her damn face

If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel

I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

No electro, no metro, a little retro
ahh, perfecto

You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style

Stupid questions like "Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?"

In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life's cursed? Well, mine's an obscenity
